# VBA Homework: The VBA of Wall Street

1. Create a new repository for this project called `VBA-challenge`. **Do not add this homework to an existing repository**.

2. Inside the new repository that you just created, add any VBA files that you use for this assignment. These will be the main scripts to run for each analysis.

## Instructions

Create a script that loops through all the stocks for one year and outputs the following information:

  * The ticker symbol.

  * Yearly change from opening price at the beginning of a given year to the closing price at the end of that year.

  * The percent change from opening price at the beginning of a given year to the closing price at the end of that year.

  * The total stock volume of the stock.

**Note:** Make sure to use conditional formatting that will highlight positive change in green and negative change in red.

## Bonus

Add functionality to your script to return the stock with the "Greatest % increase", "Greatest % decrease", and "Greatest total volume". The solution should match the following image:

Make the appropriate adjustments to your VBA script to allow it to run on every worksheet (that is, every year) just by running the VBA script once.

## Submission

To submit, please upload the following to GitHub:

  * A screen shot for each year of your results on the multi-year stock data.

  * VBA scripts as separate files.

Be sure to commit regularly to your repository and that it contains a README.md file.
## References

* Data for this dataset was generated by edX Boot Camps LLC, and is intended for educational purposes only.

- - -

© 2022 edX Boot Camps LLC. Confidential and Proprietary. All Rights Reserved.
